						10 June 2000

There are few things that have to be configured before compiling and
installing EASE.  Before starting, decide on these four things:

1.  Will you be using Emacs or XEmacs?
2.  Where will you be installing EASE?  All of the lisp scripts and
    the various ancillary files (pixmaps, plotting scripts, documents,
    etc.) will be installed to this directory.
3.  What is the location of perl on your computer.  You can find this
    out by typing `which perl' if you use tcsh or `type perl' if you
    use bash.
4.  Do you want the configuration script to add some lines to your
    .emacs so that you can use EASE?  If you have done so before, you
    can answer no to that question.

To configure, compile, and install, do the following:

 > sh configure
 > make
 > make install

That's all!

Installation as a normal user:
  The answer to the second question -- the installation location --
  should be the directory where you keep your personal Emacs lisp
  files.

Installation as root:
  The answer to the second question -- the installation location --
  should be the site-lisp directory or any other system directory in
  the Emacs load-path.  The answer to the fourth question, the one
  about editing .emacs, should be no.  The installation script
  currently doesn't know how to edit the site-start file.  You will
  have to do so by hand.  (See the next paragraph.)


If you do not have the configuration script append lines to your
.emacs file, be sure to add lines like these by hand so that you EASE
will be automatically used for your input files.  Replace
"~/lisp/ease" in the first line with whatever the installation
directory is.

       (setq load-path (append (list "~/lisp/ease" ) load-path))
       (setq auto-mode-alist
             (append (list (cons "\\.inp$" 'input-mode))
                     auto-mode-alist))
       (autoload 'ease-mode  "ease"  "EASE" t)
       (autoload 'input-mode "input" "Input major mode" t)
       (add-hook 'dired-load-hook '(lambda () (load-library "ease-dired")))


Additional treats:
    --	In Atoms mode, the calc package is used to perform expansion
	of math expressions.  Get it from
		ftp://prep.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/calc-2.02f.tar.gz
    --	Imenu support for Feffit and Autobk is built into those
	modes.  This lets you use Imenu as well as Speedbar with
	input files.  Get Speedbar from
		ftp://ftp.ultranet.com/pub/zappo/
	Put this in your .emacs file to turn on input file support in
	Speedbar:
		(add-hook 'speedbar-mode-hook
	 	  '(lambda ()
		     (speedbar-add-supported-extension ".inp")))
	Imenu is a standard part of Emacs and can be compiled well
	under XEmacs so that Speedbar can use it.
    --	See the file HOOKS for some suggestions about setting various
	hooks in EASE to do interesting and useful things.

Additional documentation:
    --  Postscript documentation can be generated by entering the
        `docs/' directory and doing "make ps".  This will generate the
        EASE document and the EASE tutorial in postscript form as well
        as quick reference cards for EASE and gnuplot-mode.

Converting from FUSE:
    --  Use the f2e script to convert your .fuse file to a .ease file
        and to fix your .emacs (and other emacs initialization
        scripts) to use ease rather than fuse.  f2e just does a
        search-and-replace to change the strings "fuse" and "FUSE" to
        "ease" and "EASE".
